Log in.
So after covering the difference that we can get when we try to enable the full two wrongs.
No we're going to enable default in our virtual machine.
It is bolted on or even it is bolted up.
It's not a problem.
So we try to do it in about it's own virtual machine.
So Windows XP number before headers it to Windows XP.
Number four is potted on without any problem.
Then we try to enable default.
In this one.
So we got a full so turn on for too long.
So it's very simple.
It's obscure to True's do that Astara you want to put this one inside.
Of course it does look out that the store is not available to use a lock out at the store for the flatirons.
If you check right hand it will give you there are not compatible current that are store selection of
information right there.
About six I want and is X Eitel is not supported by you using this lock out at the start.
So the same for the second one but we chose our shared storage.
It showed your compatible checked successfully.
So logically this should not show up close to that.
I don't know why you show them but actually they should be hidden.
It only showed the shit.
If we check this one of course if you remember a different file should be in our last one and Landru.
This is about affinity.
So we chose one or two.
But before that let's try to check.
So this one exists in the land too.
If for example Charles Lund too it will work but it will give you Allard massage to know that this virtual
machine and one will be in the same shared storage.
And if you remember for the hearts of your ability to wait.
If anything wrong happen to do shit it's trash the other shit it will be available to serve you a division
machine.
So if it was up if we chose to do compatibly cheek is exceed it.
Click next as it's done with chick.
I want that can't support this virtual machine.
You see datastore learn to use it for both primary and secondary vim's disk which is not recommended.
So what we do we click back and we chose lane 1.
Of course you should have more shared storage to chose any one that you want.
So we click NEXT there it show us it fix it 1.
So another question that you will ask is why we only have 6 I want and not the Ituri.
So the virtual machine that we want to enable default totals in it exist in is x.
I took and I told you that you should never do falter in Essex.
I want and I treat that's mean.
Alda has to have full loss in.
They should have available right there.
But you said that we only have one ESX host.
So the question is why.
So if you remember the preview section you know the problem.
What is it.
So what do you think the problem is.
Try to get your answer into discussion before complete this video.
Click on the pause and give me your idea why we can't see it.
I number the right hand.
So take a moment and back to complete this lecture.
OK so if you know the correct answer you have a good memory and you can remember what happened.
Drôle discourse.
If not the problem right here is in distress rule.
If you remember when we create some direct route we create our rule to do Windows XP.
Number four.
So let's back and check why we can't chose the Isak's I treat right here in the list.
But Right-Hand so cancel this one.
We've got to do cluster and in the config we go to the house rule and we check due to that we had the
first one is this Debney you see right there is the.
The second one is at the n on.
Yes I agree and if we check this one we click it.
You see that VM group want must not run on hosts in the group host group when we have must not.
So what's its content.
If we check right here we have this virtual machine must not run in Isak's tree no matter what happened.
This virtual machine tool much ran in E6 number three.
So if we check right here we have Win XP.
Number four.
So the virtual machine that we want to enable default runs.
We have all the rules that say please do Windows XP but for should or must not be running into is X
Ituri.
That's why we don't have the choice to do it.
Ideally So what we need to do because this is just too Tuireann of course in an environment you need
to respect the rule.
And of course you will have more i house to chose between them.
So in our situation we go into design with this one or we simply delete the virtual machine number four
from this rudes click Remove.
Are you sure you want to remove the sexes.
Man But yes so the virtual machine.
No does not have any old rule about running ethics.
I not pretty even this rule will still enable the virtual machine.
Delegates from that group.
So if we are back to the virtual machine.
So no it exists into it.
I do click for last then to say we chose lunch number one.
This is the Rock'em on this one next.
And no we have to use x.
Host.
So if you remember in the preview only have it I want.
No we have it I want and Ituri of course more is available will show up right there and I your real
estate.
This is for the Master and this is for Ronnie.
Hey no disconfirmation for the stadion.
It's our configuration and chose which one should we muster.
And the second one that will be soon into the primary and secondary.
So if we chose for example is X a tree compatibly chicks see then which was do is X I want the compatibility
Cheikh succeed.
So we chose one of them we click next.
Then here is a quick overview.
The horrors that will have the secondary.
So now we have to going to the end.
The host will do it.
I want the configuration file location ease into lane 1 tie breaker file location is lan 1 and 2 hard
disk 1 location is block 1.
If I remember into that option right.
You have to chose any law that you want between the different land to save every file in a specific
place.
So like next next causing the trolls one next and click Finish.
So no its start on default.
In this virtual machine if we click on it it will stop changing the resource allocation for Windows
XP and it will take a little time to complete the process because we'll try to mirror all the data of
this imaging machine and the video must still work perfectly without any problem.
Any tank still available for the user that use this image your machine and every tank will work perfectly
so of course it will take a little time to complete the process by copying the top out of the virtual
machine and do local disk and update and see if they an application exist in do local out hotties from
not want to learn to.